---
layout: post
title: Day 5
---

Today was easily the best among the five days. I really need to find out the biology of how exercise makes a person happier and more active, and not tired.

<br /> I had an exam in the afternoon. Woke up early enough and went through the syllabus. I could've started early and scored some more points. But, well, this is ten times more than what I would have done some weeks ago, when I was in deep clutches of darkness. I feel better about each of my days now. I feel that I am getting something done!

<br /> Installed a new application called "Map my Run " and went for the workout. It was really good. The fact that someone is tracking you and you can identify the exact distance and time of your workout, gives you some sort of push. I hit 6.02 km at an average of 07:15 minutes/km. I feel really good that I did that. Feeling great. I need to achieve more and more of these workout session. But alas, tomorrow is a very bad day. It's the day before a worse day. I have a critical examination on Tuesday. I hope all this positivity that I gained over the week will help me do well in that.

<br /> Even, food-wise, I did good yesterday. Noom Coach says that I ate 1752 calories out of my 2080 calories quote of which 15% is from green foods.
While the dream diet is 1000 calories per day diet, it's incredibly difficult, especially in a college-mess setup. But, I will try to hit that target too, as days goes along.

<br /> Signing off, in happiness..<br />
Dave.