---
layout: post
title: Day 3
---

I got to say, today was one awesome day. I woke up early and was fully energised to make it a very productive one. Went for a jog. And to my surprise, I treaded more mileage than I expected. After a few rounds in the institute stadium, I walked/jogged till the main gate, which is at least two kilometers away and came back. Got really tired there for a minute, but I could feel the energy come back after a good bath and breakfast. 

<br />
To my surprise again, I studied a bit. A bit is a lot these days. If I do a census, the amount of time I have spent on coursework is negligibly low this semester. Gathered up the courage to go meet my project guide today. He was out of station. I need to get past this elephant in the room with him. Need to confess that I didn't do enough work and get an extension. After visiting him, mounted on my borrowed cycle to get back to hostel.
<br />

Aha, that's when I thought, why not bike a bit and add a few burn in my Noom Coach (By the way, that app is really good to keep track of your weight loss). Cycled quite fast till main gate again and back. I should explore more!
<br />
Academically, nothing much happened after that. Watched this serial "Madam Secretary" and wasted a lot of time. But, amazingly, didn't feel so bad about it today. This better lifestyle, even for a day, seems to be good for my morale. 
<br />
Played a bit of football after a long time (more like, never). I could feel my heart plunging in and out very hard. I should do this more often.
<br />

Oh..almost forgot. Noom Coach says my calorie intake for today is 2969. That's really on the high end. I shouldn't have taken that glucose gulps after the football game. Burned 1200 today. That's could be a record for me. Need to do more and more. Feeling excited!
<br />

Signing off on a good day!
