---
layout: post
title: Day 2
status: publish
---

I started this day horribly. Although I had a presentation to get to at 10 o'clock, I woke up rather late. After hastily winding up the codes and plotting some stupid graph, reached my professor's office 15 minutes late. After a quick scolding, disappointed sighs from the professor, got out of the place. 

<p>
I was supposed to work out in the morning to add up to this challenge. Well, that didn't happen. Worse still, I ate some vadai in the morning which did not suit well to my stomach. I slept of at an odd hour without having any food at all. By evening, had a terrible headache and couldn't even think properly.
</p>
<p>
Vomited profusely after a disturbing sleep. It was then that I decided to get out of my room. Walking slowly through the peaceful and beautiful campus, I could feel a lot of my stress and hence the headache slowly diffuse away. Passed by the Siva temple on the way. I think I should go there when it's aloof. The place feels so calming in its natural silence.
</p>

<p>
After the walk, ate an Aloo Paratha from mess. Not the best food for someone who should be on diet. But, I had to eat something. Came back and slept early. Headache was back by then. Gulped about three fifth of a Crocin pill and slept off. I could feel the pill working. Body heated up and down overnight and can't help but say I slept deep. Although, I plan not to take any more medicine for these silly stuff.
</p>

| Item			| Quantity      | Calories	|
| ------------- |:-------------:| ---------:|
| Vadai     	| 4 			|	276 	|
| Aloo Paratha	| 1      		|	211 	|
| Curd			| 1 cup      	|	138 	|
|-------------------------------------------|
|	||								625	|

<p>
625 is a really good cut back. But, I need to go more and more intensive.Without of course breaking myself.
</p>
<p>
See you tomorrow!
</p>





